README.md, before:

## Luke Aveil

I am a freelance photographer and adventurer turned junior developer. Having just completed 16 weeks intensive training at Makers Academy, Europe's leading full stack coding bootcamp. I am open to employment opportunities and now seeking my first paid role as a developer.

My journey to become a developer and has been incredible so far, full of highs and lows and everything in-between. For an insight into my adventure you can read my blog [here](https://medium.com/@lukeaveil).

## Skills

#### Full stack development

Through my time spent at Makers Academy I have become proficient in working in all areas of web development. Whilst working on several collaborative projects I have focused on all aspects of the development process, these skills and experiences allow me to immediately contribute to both front-end and back-end development.

#### Eagerness to learn

Being thrown in 'the deep end' every day has helped me develop the ability to learn new subjects/concepts/languages fast and efficiently. Not being afraid of learning something new, no matter how complex, has become second nature and I am always striving to further my knowledge of anything I do not fully understand.

#### Collaboration

My visual arts background means that I have had several opportunities to work on numerous collaborative projects: organising an arts festival in Thailand, photographing city suburbs in Australia and organising a street art festival in London are a few of the projects I have been part of. During my time at Makers Academy I worked on several group projects and pair programmed pretty much every day for 12 weeks. I am a firm believer that two heads are better than one.

#### Photography

Photography is a major part of my life, it was the catalyst for me being able to travel the world and call Australia home. I have been taking photographs for ten years, during that time I have developed a strong attention to detail and the ability to construct well composed images. Along with being comfortable behind the camera I have a lot of experience using Photoshop and Lightroom, and am able to learn other imaging software quickly and efficiently.

## Code examples

| Name | Description | Technologies | Testing |
|------|-------------|--------------|---------|
|[MakersBnB](https://github.com/LukeAveil/mybnb)| Clone of AirBnb.| Ruby, Sinatra, PostgresSQL, jQuery, Html, CSS | Rspec, Capybara
|[Crowd Code](https://github.com/LukeAveil/crowdcode)| A platform for project managers to source developers to work on a project.| Ruby, Rails, PostgresSQL, jQuery, Javascript, Html, CSS | Rspec, Capybara
|[SMRT-Mirror](https://github.com/LukeAveil/smrtMirror)| A mirror that displays information that can be customised by the user and interacted with using gesture controls. Our presentation video can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYk-d6q4iWI&feature=youtu.be).| Leap motion, Node.js, jQuery, Javascript, SASS, Html, Nunjucks| Mocha(Chai), WebdriverIO

## Education

#### Makers Academy (April 2016 to August 2016)

- Europe's leading coding bootcamp
- 16 week program
- Highly selective application process
- Emphasis on pair programming, TDD and agile methodologies

#### London Southbank University (September 2007 to June 2010)

- BA Honours Digital Photography

#### Kent Institute of Art and Design (September 2003 to June 2004)

- BTEC Diploma in Foundation Studies: Art and Design

#### Maidstone Grammar School for Boys (September 2006 to June 2003)

- 2 A Levels (Art and Design Technology)
- 3 AS Levels (Maths, Physics and Philosophy)
- 10 GCSEs

#### Other qualifications

- CASI level 1 snowboard instructor


## Experience

**Kathmandu** (April 2014 to December 2015)    
Trainee Manager at Australia's leading outdoor adventure retailer. I was based in the flagship Melbourne store.

**Sabi Studios** (December 2014 to May 2015)
Photographer at Melbourne based commercial photography studio. I worked on a large scale project for a real estate company, this involved travelling around Australia and developing a visual profile of city suburbs.

**Documentary Arts Asia** (January 2012 to April 2012)   
Intern at Thailand based NGO. I helped setup and run of an organisation that raises awareness of humanitarian and environmental issues across Asia. I curated photography exhibitions from leading documentary photographers and helped organise a hugely successful multi-day documentary photography and film festival.

## Other interesting things about me

- Have been living in Australia for the past 3.5 years
- Well travelled
- Avid [photographer](https://www.instagram.com/lukeaveilphotography/)
- Won National Geographic's ['photo of the day'](http://www.nationalgeographic.com/photography/photo-of-the-day/2014/7/fitzroy-gardens-melbourne-australia/)
- Love table tennis
- Like to think I am a pretty good cook

Commit message:

adds regional work and fixes typos

README.md, after:

## Luke Aveil

I am a freelance photographer and adventurer turned junior developer. Having just completed 16 weeks intensive training at Makers Academy, Europe's leading full stack coding bootcamp. I am open to employment opportunities and now seeking my first paid role as a developer.

My journey to become a developer and has been incredible so far, full of highs and lows and everything in-between. For an insight into my adventure you can read my blog [here](https://medium.com/@lukeaveil).

## Skills

#### Full stack development

Through my time spent at Makers Academy I have become proficient in working in all areas of web development. Whilst working on several collaborative projects I have focused on all aspects of the development process, these skills and experiences allow me to immediately contribute to both front-end and back-end development.

#### Eagerness to learn

Being thrown in 'the deep end' every day has helped me develop the ability to learn new subjects/concepts/languages fast and efficiently. Not being afraid of learning something new, no matter how complex, has become second nature and I am always striving to further my knowledge of anything I do not fully understand.

#### Collaboration

My visual arts background means that I have had several opportunities to work on numerous collaborative projects: organising an arts festival in Thailand, photographing city suburbs in Australia and organising a street art festival in London are a few of the projects I have been part of. During my time at Makers Academy I worked on several group projects and pair programmed pretty much every day for 12 weeks. I am a firm believer that two heads are better than one.

#### Photography

Photography is a major part of my life, it was the catalyst for me being able to travel the world and call Australia home. I have been taking photographs for ten years, during that time I have developed a strong attention to detail and the ability to construct well composed images. Along with being comfortable behind the camera I have a lot of experience using Photoshop and Lightroom, and am able to learn other imaging software quickly and efficiently.

## Code examples

| Name | Description | Technologies | Testing |
|------|-------------|--------------|---------|
|[MakersBnB](https://github.com/LukeAveil/mybnb)| Clone of AirBnb.| Ruby, Sinatra, PostgresSQL, jQuery, Html, CSS | Rspec, Capybara
|[Crowd Code](https://github.com/LukeAveil/crowdcode)| A platform for project managers to source developers to work on a project.| Ruby, Rails, PostgresSQL, jQuery, Javascript, Html, CSS | Rspec, Capybara
|[SMRT-Mirror](https://github.com/LukeAveil/smrtMirror)| A mirror that displays information that can be customised by the user and interacted with using gesture controls. Our presentation video can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYk-d6q4iWI&feature=youtu.be).| Leap motion, Node.js, jQuery, Javascript, SASS, Html, Nunjucks| Mocha(Chai), WebdriverIO

## Education

#### Makers Academy (April 2016 to August 2016)

- Europe's leading coding bootcamp
- 16 week program
- Highly selective application process
- Emphasis on pair programming, TDD and agile methodologies

#### London Southbank University (September 2007 to June 2010)

- BA Honours Digital Photography

#### Kent Institute of Art and Design (September 2003 to June 2004)

- BTEC Diploma in Foundation Studies: Art and Design

#### Maidstone Grammar School for Boys (September 2006 to June 2003)

- 2 A Levels (Art and Design Technology)
- 3 AS Levels (Maths, Physics and Philosophy)
- 10 GCSEs

#### Other qualifications

- CASI level 1 snowboard instructor


## Experience

**Kathmandu** (April 2014 to December 2015)    
Trainee Manager at Australia's leading outdoor adventure retailer. I was based in the flagship Melbourne store.

**Sabi Studios** (December 2014 to May 2015)
Photographer at Melbourne based commercial photography studio. I worked on a large scale project for a real estate company, this involved travelling around Australia and developing a visual profile of city suburbs.

**Regional Work Australia** (May 2012 to April 2013)
All manner of weird and wonderful jobs in rural Victoria. Apart from the usual fruit picking/slave labour I had a couple of unusual and memorable jobs: working with a team of sheep shearers on various outback stations, and making wine at Australia's second biggest winery.

**Documentary Arts Asia** (January 2012 to April 2012)   
Intern at Thailand based NGO. I helped setup and run of an organisation that raises awareness of humanitarian and environmental issues across Asia. I curated photography exhibitions from leading documentary photographers and helped organise a hugely successful multi-day documentary photography and film festival.

## Other interesting things about me

- Fortunate enough to have travelled to some amazing parts of the world
- Avid [photographer](https://www.instagram.com/lukeaveilphotography/)
- Won National Geographic's ['photo of the day'](http://www.nationalgeographic.com/photography/photo-of-the-day/2014/7/fitzroy-gardens-melbourne-australia/)
- Love table tennis
- Like to think I am a pretty good cook
